Hello, Hurray and Hurrah, welcome all from MacArthur Park.
Harmontown is now in session. We're doing a giving away sale right now.
Everything must go. Let's bring out a 1994 Rob Schrab. A 1994 almost mint condition Rob Schrab.
Rob Schrab. Rob Schrab, only 4,000 miles on him.
The all new 2020 Spencer Crittenden. 2020 Dice, four wheel drive.
And let's bring out the 1973 Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Oh boy. Thank you for coming out to my show. Thank you.
Thank you, Laura. You're not done. You're not done.
We got two hours. The whole show. She has to do that for two hours.
Yeah, everything must go. That bit was pretty classic, Jeff.
Classic Jeff.
It's like two minutes before the show he goes,
She got walk off a plus.
Oh yes, Laura everybody.
She knew it was a self, I don't want to be like Trump, but she knew what she signed up for.
But that's her Halloween costume. And then Jeff was like, should we ever go out and do this thing?
And I'm like, anything you want.
Yeah, we're fun.
And Jeff's like, so how should I do it? How should we do it?
And I'm like, why don't you do it like this? And I was like, well, I guess maybe like a used car thing.
Then you can introduce us each as if we're like.
The bit we just saw.
Pretty close.
The bit you just saw for $5 every month.
But then you're like, let's bring out a 1994 Spencer Crittenden.
And I'm like, well, maybe a couple more car phrases before.
You want to do it again?
I don't want to do it again.
How about we do the whole thing over again?
But you, you are me and you do introduce everybody.
Can I wear the costume?
Man, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't like pimping the audience to.
You just like haranguing me for not doing it.
I just thought it was kind of funny.
It was like, it's just classic.
It gives it, you're like, should we do this?
Yes, we should.
And you're like, how?
How do we do it?
We've lost.
Oh, here we go.
I went to Norway.
I was at an animation festival in Fredrikstad.
Great.
I think your story will have to be on hold for at least five minutes.
What the fuck?
Rob's got a tablecloth.
Rob has got $5.
Everybody you can watch.
It's Nosferatu.
What is the eyebrows?
The eyebrows are like, I did it.
I nailed it.
What did you do?
You didn't do anything.
You, yeah.
Yeah.
I got off of one of your piece of shit chairs.
And there's a stack of considerably more comfortable chairs right there.
A stack.
A stack with cushions.
And a Dracula cape.
So I shit my pants.
In Norway?
Well, on the plane.
Oh, no.
From Norway to Heathrow.
The whole time?
I thought, well, I was kind of sitting in it without knowing it the whole time.
How do you not know you shit your pants?
It happens.
I woke up.
I think you know.
You're suspicious.
You are suspicious.
This is a first.
As we know, I've had many stories where I didn't know what I thought was a fart was a shit.
But then pretty much the story ends with it coming out into my pants.
But this was different.
I woke up from the hotel room the day of our departure.
I was kind of blowing a lot of farts.
I drank a lot of beer and ate a lot of delicious stuff.
Farting all over the place.
They're big, empty, windy farts.
They're not really hurting anybody.
They're not bothering anybody.
They're just sort of...
Victimless farts.
They're loud and fun.
We're laughing about it.
We get to the airport.
We get on the airplane.
I get another big one brewing in me.
But I'm not going to do it in the cabin.
This is a flight from Norway to Heathrow then connecting back to LA.
How long of flight is that?
London being the Chicago of Europe.
So this is like a two hour flight, two and a half hour flight?
Yeah, two hour flight.
On one of those flights where they're happy to take your first class money.
But the plane is simply a bus.
And for your first class money, what they'll do is they'll take that money
and they'll put a tray in the middle seat in the front four rows.
Those people all paid extra money so they didn't have to rub their arm on a poor person.
And that's first class.
But you can't buy people not rubbing your fucking head as they walk by,
people bumping you with their jackets.
I mean, everyone's crammed in the same fucking thing.
That's why you got to get the window seat, baby.
No, that would be Cody's.
So I go to the bathroom during that flight and I'm peeing.
And men, when we pee, if you've ever been in a public restroom with men at urinals,
they take the opportunity and maybe it's partially, it kind of happens while you're peeing.
It tends to happen, it's like a time to fart.
And sometimes you're in a men's room and somebody's like,
like at the urinal and you kind of have this reaction like,
what the fucking guy's farting?
In the bathroom.
Yeah, but it's...
How dare you?
Oh, are you my joke's agent?
He's here, everybody.
My joke has representation.
Is this a package deal and this joke?
Or the fuck did you think I was pointing out, you fuck?
So anyways, I go to the men's room or the people's room on the plane.
There's no men's room.
Planes are the future.
And I'm peeing and then I just let out this...
It's loud.
It was loud.
It's kind of a contrabassion.
Because I've been sitting on it and I've been very gassy,
but I've been sitting on this one.
So buildovers are like...
Horn of Gondor.
And then I go back and I sit for an hour and 57 minutes
and then we land in Heathrow
and everyone starts doing their little restless bustle
and getting ready to get up and I'm moving around
and I'm like, oh, did I sweat in my butt crack that much?
Is there substance?
And then I kind of stood up in the seat
and I'm like, that feels like...
Wrong.
That feels wrong and also it smells a little bit like...
Like butt release.
Well, because smell is like this crazy sense memory.
The thing I always, when I smell like diaper smell,
I always remember my sister's hospital
because I was like, when I was a kid,
that was the first time I'd ever been around like adult poopoos.
Was this institution where my sister was being housed
and I've told the story before about the Moo Moo guy.
How much time had elapsed since you think you released the poopoos
and then you noticed...
Well, it was when I said two hours.
Two hours.
And so I guess I was just sitting on it like...
And then I'm walking in the airport and I'm like,
I got to wipe my ass, honey.
And she's like, why did you shit your pants?
I'm like, no.
That's crazy.
Obviously not.
That would be insane.
If I did that, then I would have reacted to that.
I just have to wipe my sweaty, fat ass.
Traveling, it's an airport.
I guess this is something that happens.
I guess I just have to wipe my sweaty ass.
And then we get to the airport lounge and it's all packed and stuff.
And there's a guy sitting there looking at his phone.
It's one of these... The bathroom is all these fancier...
America tends to go for the metal stalls.
But in Europe, you're more likely to get these closets.
Teak.
Maybe some exotic hardwoods.
And so it's just a room lined with all these little rooms
that are impenetrable.
It's hard to see, vacancy or occupied.
I guess there's a little red thing.
But it's not really beamed out to your eyeball.
You kind of have to crouch and look.
And there's a guy standing there, thumbing on his phone.
It looks like he's probably... What the hell is he doing?
He's probably waiting for one of these bathrooms.
It means they're all occupied, right?
So I get behind him.
I'm waiting and waiting and looking around.
And there's a bathroom with its door kind of not all the way closed.
And I wait and I wait and I'm looking at it.
And I'm hoping he sees my eye contact and then he realizes
maybe he missed a bathroom opening.
And then I finally go, is that one open over there?
And he's kind of like blithely.
I suppose he's like, go for it.
Govner.
He didn't say governor, but like he is like...
He's just like chickadeiro or something like that.
It was like go nuts or something like blithe kind of like have a blast.
The old school British phrase, go nuts.
So then I went over there.
I open it up.
And it's a handicap version of all these things.
So I'm like, ah, ah, ah.
And I look back at him and he, I don't know if he's like, you know,
is it like Forest Whitaker in the dream and crying game where he's like laughing?
I was like, haha, it's a handicap style.
I told you to, I told you to check it out.
And now you're...
I never saw grinding.
Crying game.
Oh.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Don't get distracted.
I need that.
So now I get it.
Okay.
So, so I just like, I got the door open.
It's a bathroom.
There's no, there's nobody, there's no special needs people in sight.
I'm kind of like, I don't know what the etiquette is.
I don't know if that guy was like...
No cop, no stop.
No Forest Whitaker.
You're free to go shittaker.
And I, and I have a sweaty ass.
So I'm like, all right.
Well, I need this.
So up till now, you don't know that like what's, what is actually...
He's in denial.
Okay.
Gotcha.
So I go in and I...
We're two hours 15 minutes into you having to shut yourself.
I unbutton my pants.
I pull them down and grab the toilet paper.
I wipe at the sweaty butt and I pull it away.
And it's like, holy fudge.
Like, like, like just covered like as if I just took a shit, which I guess I did.
Not to be disgusting.
But opaque, not opaque, chunk.
Just gross.
Just like, imagine taking a shit and then fucking sitting in it.
Like a turd?
No, that's not like an intact turd.
A turd wouldn't like, it's not like a cartoon.
So it isn't anything then.
Go continue with your...
Wait, Jeff, what did you write down?
Holy fudge.
It's important that someone documents the shit.
So now that I'm seeing it, I'm like, okay, well, that wasn't sweat.
Okay.
And then I'm like, well, hopefully it was just one of those things where there goes like
a, you know, that wet of a, that productive of a fart.
And like, and it's just like, I had like, like my big bear like ass cheeks just kind of contained
this grand canyon of poop and like, I wiped it away and I look in the underwear.
I'm like, whoa.
Oh no.
Oh, Hershey's Rorschach.
Fucking like...
It's like the Watchmen in there.
Yeah.
How do you spell Rorschach?
Watchmen in your pants.
Ha ha ha ha.
Rock shots, journal.
Take off my shoes.
Take off my pants.
Yeah.
Take off your pants.
You got to take off your shoes.
I take off my underwear, gingerly step out of them like tires in the, in an army training
course and fold up the really unreturnable pair of meundies and...
Oh no.
And drop the spawn garter.
Which, by the way, are made of the softest micro modell.
And they have 100% guarantee so you can send them right back if you're not satisfied.
Well, you can, you can take that up with the good people of British Airways.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Keep going.
Whatever poor physically challenged person that actually had a right to use that particular
bathroom is now going to go in there and go like, oh, who fucking shit in the garbage
can.
In the toilet area.
And the ironic answer is, oh, me fucking Mr. Physical Privilege.
Mr. Bounding around on two great legs I had to fucking like ruin their haven.
And I had to put on my pants with no underwear.
Wait a second.
Can I walk it back for a second?
You took your shoes off.
Yeah.
You took your trousers off.
You took your meundies off.
Disposed of them?
I assume.
Put them in the garbage can.
More or less.
Put them in the garbage can in the stall with you?
I mean, it's a handicap stall in a country that doesn't really, in an airport lounge,
it's like more into water closets than stalls.
So we're talking about like kind of a small room.
Okay.
So there was a trash can.
Yeah.
So you pitched your soiled meundies into the bin and then you cleaned yourself up.
Hopefully.
Did your, did meundies save your trousers from the, from the climate action?
Yeah.
Of course they did.
But I will say.
Spencer, why do you think they did?
That's because of micromodal fabric.
All right.
But I will say in all fairness, I was wearing brown pants.
Yeah.
So.
Oh, that's pro tip.
But also a margin of error in my data.
I think I got away clean, but.
All right.
So if I didn't.
I don't know if that's right.
You're not, you're, you're going commando.
I go commando back to my duffel bag.
I look at Dino and Cody and I go.
Dino's in the bathroom with you?
No.
I go back to the lounge.
Gotcha.
And I get my, I get a new pair of meundies out of my duffel bag.
And as I look at them and go.
You know, and Trump's on TV bragging about how he killed the head of ISIS.
He killed ISIS single handedly.
And I'm like, there, you know, it's, it's a day of gives and takes.
Dave triumphs and defeats.
I am having a bad day.
The president is having a good day.
That's usually how it works.
So I, I, I salute the television.
And hey, hey, did you guys know that when you're in Europe, you know, it's, it's crazy because
like their news coverage makes him look like a fucking idiot.
It's probably the only time in our nation's recent like post television history when there
actually is no fucking disparity because it's like just as mean to be objective with that
guy.
He's just like, but you know, fucking, uh, Al Jazeera says the same shit about him as
CNN because it's just like the president who just said he was nine feet tall and his dick
is a whistle.
Like how, what, what, what negative spin are you going to put on that?
Like you either, you either pretend that's cool or, or, or you just tell people what
happened again.
Um, so anyways, yeah, uh, I went back in and I, uh, used a different stall thereby realizing
how lucky I was because yeah, the other stalls, they don't have garbage bins and, uh, I don't
know what I would have done.
I would have walked out with a fucking lot of shit in a, in the softest fabric known to
man.
I was worried for you.
I don't know.
I've had to throw out underwear before in a public place.
Yeah.
So.
So you go back in.
You change your, uh, a little quiet there.
Yeah.
You do me on these change.
You put the brown trousers back on.
Yep.
No harm, no foul.
All's well that ends well.
No foul.
Some.
Soiler alert.
Hmm.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Good one.
Oh boy.
Bring out the, the, bring out the inflatable person.
Should she come out every time you nail one?
I'll tell you what.
I could use vodka right now.
Oh shit.
We better bring out Steve Levy at some point.
Oh, so before the show happened, Steve Levy came out a few times and was treated to just
a thunderous applause and audience reaction.
Was that because of last week when we talked about it or was that just organic?
Okay.
I'm hearing some yeses.
I thought so.
What?
What happened?
Good to hammer out.
Well, we just kind of, we kind of joked about how Levy came out before the show.
The show was tremendously delayed last time, more than usual, and, uh, like, as a.
Yeah.
Oh.
Cause that joke was so good earlier and it's a tender moment for us all to enjoy.
Yeah.
There's no, by the way, there's no guests tonight.
So this is it.
We got a person in there.
That is correct.
I should do something about how many more.
I'm bad at math.
How many more?
Here's something.
Five.
So this, this is the five more after this or this five more after this.
This one and five more.
So six.
Six.
Five.
One and five five point seven two.
Right.
About.
Yeah.
What did Dan here?
I just heard this like high-pitched tone.
That's that fan that, that's that fan.
What inflates the wacky with lady and played a warm, playing tube man.
But there's a lady in there.
Woman.
What?
Not man.
I said it bad.
Oh, I thought you were saying I should say woman instead of lady.
No, you should though.
Why not?
Don't.
We'll talk after the show.
There was a.
But we won't though.
No, we won't.
I'm busy.
What did Dan here?
There was a, there was a lady animator legendary Norwegian lady animator getting a
lifetime achievement award at the festival.
And the host was going over her credentials.
And I swear he said, Cody and I both heard the same thing.
He said, and of course, if you are familiar with animation at all, then you know the movie
Poop Van Two.
Poop Van Two?
She worked on that.
And then he just kept going and Cody and we're like poof it.
And then afterwards we were asking about it, but no one, no one could tell it.
No one was like, Oh, no, no, no.
Goop.
Gum.
Do.
It's a, it's like our Jumanji.
Like there was nothing.
No one, no one remembered hearing it.
No one could explain.
It was, I swear he said Poop Van Two.
Now, and the only, the only differing opinion about that was Dino who heard Poop Man Two.
Cody and I both heard Poop Van Two.
And it's like the idea that there, I mean, that sounds like a great animated film.
The sequel of one at least.
And then there was, and then there was more.
What do you think, what do you think Poop Man Two does answer the questions of Poop Man?
I don't know, but I know Poop Man Two.
I don't, I wouldn't even care about, but Poop Van Two.
I think this is like a great movie because like, there probably is a Poop Man in that movie, but he's accompanied by three to five friends and a dog.
And they're all pretty comfortable.
Poop Van Two.
I don't know.
I just picture like kind of a cool like road movie or something.
Poop Van Two.
Like Poop, there was a movie called Poop Van and it, and in spite of its obstacles, it did so well that people were like, yes, another.
They heard that the Poop Man was so long, they cut it into two pieces.
It was like a, like a kill bill.
They had to use that special fork that we all keep in the bathroom to break it up.
You know what I'm talking about?
That special fork we all keep in the bathroom.
Another thing that the guy said, which he said she also did.
He goes right on his phone after saying that.
I'm looking up.
I'm looking up the body.
You're looking up your bathroom.
Is it maybe Port Van Two?
Pork Van.
Port Van.
Yeah, I'm looking up for filmography.
Oh, that would have meant to.
It's probably very likely that that's what he said.
It's less likely that she worked on both that and Poop Van Two.
There's also Two Van Toby.
Two Van Toby.
What did you think that was, Dan?
But another thing that she worked on, apparently, that they were going to show that weekend,
the guy said something like he goes, and she just did work on the only educational video
about sexual assault of kindergartners for kindergartners.
And it was just the way that he kept like, like, he kept, it was like, he was like,
I don't know, it just sounded like such an inappropriate, like, advertisement.
Like, like, if you thought sexual assault of kindergartners was a fucking thing.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday.
It seemed like the audience every time he was before he let in would be like,
the first animated, wait a second, for kindergarten.
I don't think it's a good financial model to really like pitch your film for kindergarteners
because they don't have a lot of discretionary money.
Well, I don't think, I think this was probably a job that she did for the government
because it was educational.
I think the budget was probably fixed.
How was your time overall in Scandinavia?
It was a lot of fun. Those are good people.
I like, you know, they're self-described as a kind of like compartmentalized people
that they're sort of, you know, it's a colder climate.
And whereas you might think, oh, that makes them all warm and fuzzy,
they're a little more, you know, more than a few of them kind of self-described
the Norwegian people as being kind of a, not cold, but like, yeah,
I would say compartmentalized. They didn't use that word but listening to them describe it.
That's sort of what they're describing.
Like, which kind of, you know, it's like, they like to get drunk
and like they sort of view getting drunk as like its own thing and what happened there stays there.
And one of them described the culture as like sort of like,
and this is one person like they might be their own point of view.
This isn't like a traditional thing, but like, you know, like in Norway,
you might get drunk and like have a great time with somebody,
even sleep with them or something and then you see them the next day at a grocery store
and I just don't pretend you act like you never met them.
That could be that own person's take on life.
But the general picture all kind of averaged out was just sort of like this kind of Nordic,
like, yeah, compartmentalized, which I do respect.
As long as it's not dishonest and nobody gets hurt, I like the idea of distance,
professional distance and things, they're not big huggers, they said and things like that.
But there's a difference between that and not being nice.
They're really wonderfully nice and funny people and they all kind of look like Spencer or Dave Kline.
And they're just very, like, it's hard to escape the Viking thing
because they're so jolly and, you know, broad-shouldered and kind of like, you know, hyperbolic and fun.
So it was great drinking with them. Like Vikings. When I think...
Fun, fun Vikings. When I think fun, I think Vikings.
Before the circus came to town, the Vikings did.
I was only in, like, I was in Stavanger, Norway once and there was a bar.
People got in fights, like a middle-aged guy tackled a slightly older guy
and hip tackled him like a linebacker.
And then they got up and then danced together and had a drink
and it was like no harm, no foul, no blood, no ambulance, everything was groovy.
No antelopes.
What's a hip tackle?
What's a who?
Like, will you tackle somebody with a hip?
Their hip?
Yes.
Okay.
I mean, if you tackle somebody with your own hip, I think that's just called doing the booty bump.
Yeah, that's what I think when I hear hip tackle.
There were more than, there was a handful of people who traveled like great distances by train and car
from all over Europe to come and just see me in particular because of Harmontown ending.
It's surprising to encounter people from Norway that were like such big Harmontown fans.
Why wasn't I invited?
Because I guess we didn't know that I was going there to talk to them.
How do they say Rick and Morty in Norwegian?
Rick and Morgan.
I did try to write a song in Norwegian thinking, maybe if I chipped away over a couple of days,
like oh man, writing a song in a foreign language is like that you don't actually know.
Because in English, you're a brilliant songwriter.
Yeah, getting an Emmy for it is some kind of metric.
All right.
Okay.
I mean, I never bring it up, but you kind of did.
What was your eyes into the Norwegian language that you thought you could do it?
Well, it was more the eyes. I stopped short of trying to rhyme because it was such a challenge
to just, because you're thinking in a melody and then you're thinking of syllables.
So then you're thinking English syllables and then you're like, oh, the other day I had a sausage
and you're like, that's the right amount of syllables.
Now you're going to put that in Google Translate.
You're going to find out how to say the other day I had a sausage in Norwegian.
There's going to be a totally different amount of syllables.
So now are you going to adjust the melody?
Are you going to rephrase?
Are you going to search around for words?
And then on top of that, now you've got to look at the word that it's ending with, I guess,
which is going to be like Margar Bar.
And you're going to be like, oh, I know what rhymes with that.
No, you don't.
You don't know a single word that rhymes because you don't know the language.
So I was kind of like, wow, that was interesting.
I kind of thought in the day of Google Translate and I underestimated the difficulty.
Did you get one done?
No, I got like the first line of something done and I kind of tried it out at my panel.
Did you try finding like a Norwegian rhyme dictionary?
I don't know.
What would it be called?
I don't know the word for rhyme.
Well, if you typed in Norwegian rhyme dictionary.
You know what?
This guy.
I didn't try that.
Yeah.
You figured out how I could have done it.
Did you pick up?
I think it's always a good thing when you travel.
I don't know if you're being serious or not.
Well, I just sort of like, what are you, my mom?
Like, what is your problem?
You've been shitty to me since I sat down here.
I haven't seen you in weeks.
I come in.
Hey, how you doing?
You look at the floor.
You don't say anything.
And you're just shitting on everything I do.
And I came out here because there's only six episodes left.
Five and a half.
I didn't have to.
I could have stayed home with Kate and Lolly.
And now you're shitting on everything I say.
What did I ever do, man?
You know, God damn well.
No, I don't.
That's why I'm asking.
That you come here whenever you want.
And it's always when your dog and your wife kick you out.
No, it's not true.
There's nobody waiting for you that you could have been with.
No, that's not true.
It was this or being under a bridge.
How would you know?
What is your fucking problem?
Because I've known you for 20 years.
More than that.
Yeah.
So it's like...
So what?
What?
30 years.
So I know what it's like to be your dog and Kate.
I do.
I can only imagine.
I know that every once in a while, they're going to be like,
why don't you go do the heart attack show?
No, don't even.
Don't even put words in, Kate.
And you have to pull like straws out of your lips
and like fucking cotton squabs off your eyebrows
that you glued with toothpaste.
Because you thought it would be funny in the middle of Kate
probably like trying to confide with you about something
that was troubling her at work.
And you're like, she said a word that rhymed with claws,
your Santa Claus.
And you're like, oh, oh, oh.
Like...
And she's like...
This is not based on any true events at all.
This is completely made up.
That is not true.
I've been doing toothpaste Santa Claus for 20 plus years.
I need a new bit.
Does toothpaste work on cotton balls?
For glue, yeah.
If you're strapped.
So that wasn't a riff that Dan actually knows that you do that.
I've done it a couple of times.
I did it last Christmas.
I woke Kate up Christmas morning
with a red shirt and white tape down my cotton all over my face
and two oven mitts.
Oh, Mary.
Jesus Christ.
What is this minty, fresh elf doing in here?
I thought that gave you joy.
I didn't realize it pissed you off.
Let's go down memory lane.
Do you guys remember the very first time you met
and what the interaction was?
You and Schrab?
I remember...
Someone says I know it.
Someone knows.
You do?
Okay.
What do you fucking know?
I remember the very first time I saw you two.
I noticed Schrab after a comedy sports workshop
and he was wearing his fucking leather baseball cap
and his gray sweatshirt.
We were having vice beers with Bo Johnson
after the workshop and then Schrab was talking about...
He's eating Fritos and drinking beer
and he said something like,
you know, they put riboflavin in these chips.
You guys hear this?
They put riboflavin.
They put meat tenderizer
and it makes you thirsty for some chemical in Coke.
So if you eat Fritos, you get tenderized
and then you want Coke
and then the Coke makes you want Fritos.
This is the first interaction?
That's the first time I was like, who the fuck is this?
But were you both on Milwaukee Comedy Sports this time?
No, we were students.
We were in high school.
We were aspiring.
We were aspirants to that throne.
And you were not in high school?
Were you already on the squad, Rob?
No, no, I was in workshops.
But I was in my last year of college.
Had you both just moved to Milwaukee?
Were you still in Red Deer or Brown River?
That was like my fourth year in Milwaukee.
I was probably in between living with my parents in Brown Deer
and living with McKenna on the east side of Milwaukee.
Well, that's not true because I wouldn't be living with McKenna.
So I was probably just pretty much living with my parents
and crashing on people's couches in Milwaukee.
Did you and Rob connect that first day or did it take a while?
I think it took a while.
I think we're still trying to connect.
No, I think we connected.
We did all right.
Who cares?
There's a question for the ages.
Rob does.
I do.
You do too.
He pretends like he doesn't.
That's his shield.
How important is your friendship to Rob's job?
Yeah, it's worth like a billion dollars.
It's worth its weight in gold.
Wait, so you put it into financial terms?
Well, when you see Rob, you see just a giant bag of cash.
No, no, I said what's worth to him.
No, to you, like emotionally.
Oh, it's worth a thousand hugs.
Not a billion dollars, just a thousand hugs.
I don't measure.
I don't see things through that lens.
What is the hug to dollar conversion?
Nine.
That's not bad.
He made Rob leave the stage.
It looks like he's floating ahead of floating head.
He's like a green screen guy.
Why that expression?
What's the expression?
He's shocked that his head is floating.
You're shocked to be a floating head.
Jeff's helping.
Quote unquote.
But handing him something to hold with his hands
that aren't supposed to be there.
Why did that help the illusion?
Put a sweater on him.
Yeah, we can crop those out though.
I don't have anything to talk about anyway, so.
That's the thing.
Just doing something behind the curtain.
That's why you had to be behind the curtain.
They shuffle back to their seats.
Someone really enjoyed that.
Was this big news here, too?
The 38 bodies found on that truck?
I read the headline, but it was not big news.
It was just all over the TVs.
I usually don't see TVs unless I'm in airports.
We kept debating.
Cody's like, what's a lorry?
It's a bus.
Maybe it's a truck, too.
But it was like 38 bodies found on a lorry.
This is a great time for Rob to be making light of things.
Just a truck full of dead people.
Obviously, a human trafficking thing.
Of course, human trafficking being a really horrible...
One of the worst atrocities in modern times.
Many lives claim, say, every hour, two women are...
It's probably...
Why are you applauding this?
Usually dealing with some of the most vulnerable segments of our population.
Yeah, there's probably more slaves living today,
active slaves than there have been at any point in history.
Oh, so now it's not funny.
Now that there's not a candle, no one cares.
Here's something I think you'll find interesting.
Okay, lay it on me.
We're driving from the Oslo Airport to Frederikstad.
And our driver, Odvar,
we said to him, you know, because it's Halloween at the time,
we were like, do you guys celebrate Halloween in Norway?
And he said, we actually just started recently, about two years ago.
How does that happen?
What kind of fucking...
Who was that?
Halloween just moved in?
Are there any foreign holidays that we could start doing?
Yeah, I know.
You guys ever heard of Sweetest Day?
Yeah.
The guy who knows how tan bench, Rob knows about it.
Sweetest Day.
Sweetest Day is a holiday that's celebrated in the Midwest.
I remember hearing about it.
It's just made up.
It's one of these made up holidays.
Oh, no, most of the holidays are natural laws passed down by the gods.
No, but it was just, it's called Sweetest Day to sell candy.
It was conceived of by confectioners.
The first day is the sweetest.
Whoa.
Thank you.
I wrote down this note.
I don't care if you don't laugh.
That was funny for me.
I wrote down, why am I always losing everything?
Because I thought I left my, because I did leave, I left my boarding pass from the, on
the connecting flight on the plane.
No big deal.
I was able to just get another one.
It's just a boarding pass, like you're in the airport anyway, but like, I was like,
I was like, God damn, it's like obviously something that I wouldn't choose to leave.
And I'm always doing that.
I'm always like leaving shit, you know, no matter how important it is.
And then on the next flight, on the one to Oslo, I was convinced I couldn't find my
AirPods earbuds.
What the fuck are they called?
AirPods?
Jesus Christ, Apple, get your shit together.
They're coming out with the AirPod Pro.
Oh, cool.
I hope I can use those with my iPad 7th generation non-pro with second type of Apple pencil mini
air.
Fucking idiot.
What the fuck?
Steve Jobs body isn't even cold.
They turned him to fucking Microsoft.
Fucking idiots.
That Tim Apple's fucking everything up.
You'd think.
Tim Apple.
You'd think with a name like that, he'd like be ready for the job.
But I wrote this down.
Yeah.
This very lugubrious.
Why am I always losing everything?
And when I look at it, I remember how I felt.
Fuck man.
Keep going.
Do you want to talk about slavery real quick?
Sex trafficking.
I don't even like using the word pimp anymore because the proper term is sex trafficker.
Is that right?
Yeah.
That's what pimp stands for.
No.
But it's like a sanitized version of what's actually happening.
But I wrote down why am I always losing everything?
Because the reason I wrote it down is because I was really genuinely in the throes of this
sort of tailspin, just because I lost this stupid Apple product.
And then I was like, it wasn't like that was valuable to me.
It was this idea of like, it's the ego hit.
It was the fact that I could lose my boarding pass and then have that be such a center of attention.
I'm so absent minded that I could leave my boarding pass on a plane and then got on another plane
and then left something even more valuable in spite of having every incentive.
It sent me into such a depression because I was like, what is my fucking problem?
Well, you also had a load of shit in your pants.
No, I didn't.
This was the trip out there.
That might have been a distracting factor.
No, this was the trip out there.
But then I found them in some pocket and it was like, oh, okay, I didn't lose my AirPods.
Did you look in the pocket?
Shut up just for a second.
And I was like, I don't know, there's something seemed profound about that because my mood was instantly lightened.
I was like so depressed and so self-loathing.
I was like, so you're such a piece of shit.
There's something so wrong with you.
And then I was like, I'm fine.
I don't even know what to call that.
Do you have any pockets?
Maybe you have too many pockets.
That's not the issue.
Obviously, there's something more we could be achieving here.
Let's audit your pockets, though.
What?
Let's audit his pockets.
See how many we're working with.
The closest thing to me that you're talking about is like when I break my phone,
when I drop my phone and chatter the screen,
I feel so existentially destroyed.
It's like, what are you?
You can't have nice things.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
You know what?
I think when I drop my phone and broke the screen,
I think, oh, shit, I'm one of those people now.
Yeah.
Right.
Before, every time I saw somebody with a broken screen,
I'd be like, come on, take care of your shit.
And then crack.
You got me again, God.
Hubris of man.
I was really appreciating all the iPhone 11 launch day memes.
People were exchanging a lot of animated gifts of like Apple about to press that button
that makes your iPhone 10 turn to shit or whatever.
And then there's like a guy like putting on lipstick in the mirror and going,
mm-hmm.
It was a lot of fun.
It's good when we can all get on the same page after a decade of servitude to a corporation.
We're like, you know what?
I really do think they just push a button that makes like three generations of iPhone back.
Everything just goes to shit.
They've got to be doing something, right?
I don't understand the meme.
It doesn't matter.
I'd like to understand the meme.
Well, it's just it's just it doesn't matter what the meme is.
The meme could be like a scene from fucking office space or something.
Who cares?
We got to be.
What?
What's with the button?
It breaks all the phones.
We got to be.
We got to be brainstorming in this Memoji space.
There's a lot of there's a lot of untapped like creative space on these Memoji's that
we haven't figured out, but you know, we could be the first ones to get there.
What's a Memoji?
The Memoji is the animoji of your face that's built with your your facial features.
It's a combination of a bit Moji and I don't have that that new a phone.
It's a very new space that we're very excited about.
Yeah, I saw.
I've seen you in like in my group text Spencer doing your cute little Spencer.
That's what I'm talking about.
There's that's that's a whole new breed of content that someone's going to do like oh
I could put my baby up to this thing and she goes poopy diaper and it's an elephant saying
it and oh boy.
But if we figure out what that is and tap that market people will be fucking will be
enshrined in the halls of Internet history will be the the new Viners.
TikTok will pay deference to us.
I don't know.
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
That's the point.
We got to stay current.
I don't.
Well, first you have to understand.
It was three days ago that someone told me what baby shark was and I was like, what
the fuck is going on?
And now like I'm like, well, let me catch you up.
TikTok is a platform famous for paying deference.
Right.
Oh yeah.
There's so reverent those teens.
It's the differential treatment you get from TikTok is what you said.
For you.
You you text Jeff a lot.
Oh, I'm texting Jeff.
I'm texting Dan.
I'm texting Steve.
I'm texting Laura.
I'm texting Zach.
I'm texting Lolly, your dog.
So I bought I bought this phone.
I wrote one more emoji.
I only got one more note in here, which is it was it was because Dina was making me think
because I was talking about how scared I am that like, I don't know, like I listen to
so much true crime and then I like, I just feel like, you know, like the Mark David Chapman,
like, like, like, like, like, we're getting crazier and crazier.
And then our crazier people are going to get crazier and stuff.
But then Dino always the contrarian.
But sometimes that's helpful when you're in a tailspin.
It was like, I don't know, maybe, maybe the internet's like, like a release for them.
Like they don't have to like track you down and shoot you.
They can fucking go on your Instagram and call you a fucking idiot.
And, you know, like, feel like they did something.
That's an uplifting thought.
These are all people that could shoot me.
I should stop blocking them.
Yeah.
I'm cutting them off from.
I mean, I should delete my Instagram.
Or should I?
Or will that get me shot?
No, don't do that.
What will you broadcast your workouts on?
When you meet somebody on Instagram, when you meet somebody, do they know that they've
been muted?
Can they tell anybody?
I hope not.
When you meet someone on what?
Instagram.
An Instagram.
I don't know if there is.
They don't post something and know that you don't give a fuck.
And if you screenshot someone's story, do they know?
That's an old Snapchat question.
But I knew the answer to Snapchat.
It's a fun question.
Spencer, of those three books to your right, which is your favorite book of those three
books?
Okay.
So for the folks at home, the three books are Burt's Italian English and English Italian
Dictionary.
All right.
Spencer, pick a title that speaks out to you, the one that you like the most.
Well, A Princess of Thule, or Tool, maybe?
Okay.
Tool.
All right.
So take that one.
Okay, man.
Is this a magic trick?
No, no, no, no.
Can I interject with something kind of fascinating here?
Because there were three books, and he picked A Princess of Thule, which means that one
of those books, which is way thinner than the other, is either an Italian to English
or a English to Italian, and one's way thicker.
Right.
I'm just wondering which language is pitching and which is catching here.
No, the other book is Gallery Buffet Soup Cookbook.
Okay.
Oh.
All right.
Is that a tool?
Yeah.
How many titles do these three books have?
Okay.
I'm realizing that one of these books is just both.
The dictionary is both ways.
Oh, okay.
Here's something my friend Jenny Mack from Texas taught me.
Oh, I know.
I met her.
Oh, yeah, you met Jenny.
I met her there.
You met her in Austin.
I know something.
All right.
Now, you have this book.
Ask yourself kind of a philosophical question about yourself, like not like...
Oh, boy.
Ask yourself something about you, your future, your life, what you want, what you don't want,
what you want to know about yourself.
Ask yourself that question, but don't tell anybody.
Yeah, I did.
How many pages are in this book, Spencer?
Oh, boy.
462.
Okay.
Pick a number between 10 and 460, and you pick that number first.
Me personally?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You pick the number.
Okay.
You got it?
No.
I got it.
Okay.
69.
You know, it's funny.
It's that one.
Because that's when people are looking at something.
Or doing things.
Yeah, okay.
At the same time, though, that's why it's funny.
Ideally...
If one person's doing it at the other person, that's serious shit.
Nobody wins.
This guy's eating my pussy.
Okay, so you've chosen...
Or I'm sucking this guy's dick.
No, I think it's different.
At the same time.
Woo-hoo!
So you've chosen page 69 out of the princess of Phil.
No, I'd pick the different number.
Okay, what is it?
130.
Now, let's say...
How many lines of, like, of print or any page?
Diologue.
Let's pick it up between 1 and 30.
Gay.
I said gay, which is politically correct.
I thought you said gay.
I think a lot of people might have.
People learned it out after five years of being woke.
It's just erupting.
Like, women shouldn't vote.
Unless, to be honest, maybe I said that.
But that wasn't the intent.
Well, A, B, C, D, E, F, J, K.
So, eight?
No, no, no.
The number I picked was 15.
15, okay.
Now, go to page 130, you said?
Yep.
We're almost...
You have the question in your mind, right?
You asked yourself.
Yes.
Now, go to that page.
That line on that page is going to be the answer to that question.
I don't know if it's the one I want, though.
Well, it's not up to you anymore, baby.
It's up to...
Yeah, I mean...
William, you lady.
Okay, so page 130, line what?
15 is what I said.
Line 15.
Okay.
Read the line out and then...
Fill.
Time.
While I count the numbers.
Oh, oh, oh, okay.
Sorry, I could have done a lot better job communicating.
I thought you were reading the square.
No, no, sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Everybody, this is the house.
Count the lines.
This is a song for that segment.
Yeah.
14, 15.
Shush.
No, that's what I wanted.
Wait, what was the line?
Is it a sentence or is it just a line of the page?
Because, you know, a sentence can go multiple lines.
Yeah, but read like a part of that sentence or whatever.
It jumps out of you.
Okay.
And in the evening too, when they had climbed to the top of the hills in the south of the
stormaway harbor, did not the little town look sufficiently picturesque with its white
houses, its shipping, its castle and plantation lying in shadow under the green of the eastern
sky.
Then away to the west.
What a strange picture presented itself.
Thick bands of gray cloud lay across the sky.
So you kind of get the idea.
But now what was the now?
What was your?
What was your question?
I don't want to say.
But should I move to Portland?
Yeah, it definitely wasn't a clear answer.
Maybe it means Dan pick a book pick a book down.
Yeah, well now I got six for you now that it's a tried and true parlor game.
I mean do you want this one or several rounds?
What book?
There are six books.
Is that the Italian?
No, these ones we didn't even name off.
Okay.
Where's that book called then?
Well, this is what this might be fucked up.
This looks like a bunch of French or Latin or okay.
It says Le Morte fight fight book that appeals to you by Sir Thomas Mallory.
Hell yeah.
I know that guy.
Okay.
Mallory never lets you down.
What's the what's the first instruction?
You ask yourself a philosophical question that you want to have the answer to.
But don't reveal it to us yet.
Right.
Well, let me think about this first.
Pick a good.
It's kind of like Karnak.
Can someone fill time?
I'm the scat man.
Dole might is my name weekend.
It's really fucking good.
It's great.
See people wrote Edward wrote the Dolomite bio pic.
Do you think they did better?
But kind of like his up and coming what they do was that better than I think
Edward is like a perfect movie.
This one's quite good though.
I thought Eddie Murphy did a great job.
But Wesley Snipes was the fucking shit.
Okay.
I got my.
That's part of the movie.
Okay.
Good job, Rob.
Filling time.
Dan has his philosophical question and the book is titled.
What then?
A little more on the inside cover because it's very hard to read.
Fuck.
Hold on.
Every man's library edited by Ernest rise.
No, no.
That might be the collection.
Okay.
Lamort D'Arthur, the death of Arthur, I assume.
Arthur's death.
With an introduction by Professor rise in two volumes, volume one.
This sounds good.
Okay.
I really knew what they were doing back then.
Come on.
Just call it Skyfall.
So pick a page in between like any page number.
I don't know how long that book is.
Okay.
Wait.
Sorry.
It's a page number that falls within the beginning and the end of that book.
Should I flip to the page or just stick a finger in it?
No, no.
Think of a number.
Okay.
Let me look at how many pages.
It looks like four hundred and one.
So I pick a number between ten and ten in the intro or whatever.
Okay.
So I'll go with...
I got it.
You got it.
What number?
69.
It's funny.
It's fucking funny.
Now pick a number between...
Between one and let's say 24.
Because I think that's how many...
Let's ish the number of lines on the page.
It's on it.
Okay.
Pick a number between one and 24.
Ten.
Okay.
So what page number?
69.
Line ten.
Okay.
Now I want you to read us.
Go to that page.
Read us that line.
And you have the question still in your head, correct?
Yup, yup, yup.
Okay.
This is going to blow everybody's mind.
Spencer's was not so good.
I think if we went with 69, it would have been a lot better.
Let's go back to that after that.
Okay.
Wait, but did you ever tell us what your question was?
No, I didn't.
I was embarrassed.
Oh, okay.
I mean, yeah, in your defense, I knew from watching you that I needed to pick...
I have philosophical questions that I don't want to share.
Right.
And so I picked one that was worth sharing.
Well, I'm glad to be, you know, take that bullet for you.
Yeah.
That's cool.
Okay.
So 69, line 10, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
Let's get it out.
Read that line all the way through.
Okay.
Well, it's kind of, it's in the middle of a...
Yeah, that's what I had.
Then use the whole sentence then.
Okay.
So, Balan prayed the lady of her gentleness for his true service that she would bury
them both in that same place where the battle was done.
I think that was my answer.
So now, can you say the question?
My question was, should I give death weight in my life?
Whoa.
Now, read the question again.
No, no, read the line again.
I did get a death-related sentence.
So Balan, this is some proper name.
I'm sure.
It sounds like a dwarf, I think.
Sounds like it, yeah.
Prayed, and not, it's prayed like hands together, like talking to God.
So Balan prayed the lady of her gentleness, comma, which means, so he prayed the lady
of her gentleness.
Maybe that's a type of standardized prayer, maybe?
Say what?
He saw it from her.
He saw a prayer?
Do you sound like you have an accent that means that you actually are credible in that?
Or are you just a foreign guy that's like, oh, no praying, you could pray on someone?
No.
We actually have Mallory right here.
Prayed the lady of her gentleness.
Is that a way to, I'm looking at.
Oh, he begged her for gentleness, maybe?
Can you pray someone of, would that be like beseeching them of their, beseeching their
gentleness?
Like asking, was soliciting it?
So Balan prayed the lady of her gentleness, comma, for his true service, comma, that she
would bury them both in that same place where the battle was done.
So, 9-11.
9-11.
Ah.
Thessalonians 9-11.
Oh, fuck it, it's 9-11.
You actually is 9-11.
But I could interpret that to mean like.
Way to go Mallory.
You know the phrase, don't shit where you eat?
Yeah.
Like, you know, this is a character that is asking someone to bury him and someone else
that's important to him in the same place where they battled.
So the answer to my philosophical question would be, well fuck yeah, give death weight
in your life.
That's what life is.
Like pick out your cemetery plot while you're alive, put your estate in order, write your
will, pick your funeral plot.
That's not living outside the moment.
That's praying to the goddess to bury you where the battle was fought.
Put me right here when I drop unexpectedly.
So the answer is yes, give it the amount of weight that it deserves, which is like, hey,
we were all here fighting it together and bury me on the battlefield.
Don't bury me on the golf course.
Is anybody here have a novel on them?
Is anybody here carrying a book that's like fiction?
I got five.
You raising your hand?
Yeah.
Could we grab it?
This is for you, Rob.
I don't want to play.
You got a...
I want to be buried on this stage.
I don't want to play.
Rob, you don't have to be afraid.
The president can't read.
It's fine now.
Rob, I'll do all the work for you.
This is a book.
What's your name, sir?
Zach Butcher.
That is a guy, and I agree with him, that loves his name.
Because I always say Jeff when someone asks me my name, but if my full name was Zach Butcher,
I would never just say Zach.
Yeah.
That's for sure.
Okay.
Because it would be like being named Chad Huge Dick.
No, no, no.
Chad Huge Dick is right.
Chad Scientist.
Yes, sir.
Because you'd be like, Chad, wait for it.
Okay, Rob, I'll do all the heavy lifting, Rob.
All you have to do is ask yourself a philosophical question.
Don't have any.
It could be about you or Dan or me or anybody else.
I don't have any.
Yeah, you do.
I don't even have any.
I don't have any.
You fucking do.
Yeah, you do.
It's about directing.
I don't, I don't really.
Rob, ask.
I don't want to be forced to play this.
Oh, come on.
I've been thinking just a minute.
Oh, brother.
You love games.
No, I don't.
This guy loves his games.
He's playing games right now.
I would never ask to be a part of this, and now I'm ruining the show.
It's not a game if you can't lose.
Like, wait, wait.
Oh, he can lose.
I just want to watch.
I don't want to be.
Why do I have to do it?
We'll just do a question.
You don't have to do it, Rob.
So if I say you pick a color, you won't pick a color
because someone's making you do something.
It's like a game.
Right?
You won't pick a color.
Because there's always men on stage, who's a woman here
that wants a question answered in her life?
That's better.
There's people.
That's so much better.
You can matter right here.
What's your name?
Really?
Alicia.
Welcome, Alicia, to the stage.
Alicia, come on up here.
Thank you.
Hello, Alicia.
Grab a seat.
All right, Alicia, are you ready to play this game?
I'm ready.
OK, here's the deal.
Hello.
Hi.
Wasn't it nice that you were asked
if you wanted to play this game?
That was pretty respectful.
No.
Pretty respectful.
Like, for the being forced on spotlight.
The fucking prime minister of respect.
And did you see this guy?
Got the robe.
Did you see the movie, Alicia?
Oh, with Matt Damon?
Yeah.
No.
OK, it was bad.
Was it Alicia?
No.
Yeah.
Oh, Alicia.
No, no.
It's Alicia.
All right, Alicia.
See?
You raised your hand because you want some sort
of philosophical question answered in your life.
I'm seeking wisdom.
That's within that book.
Are we sure that microphone might not be on?
Let's turn this mic on with some applause.
Is there a switch on?
Try it.
So.
Is there a switch on?
Hello.
There you go.
It's the applause what did it.
You got to eat that mic.
You got to eat it like this.
There you are.
Well, she was eating it plenty, but it wasn't on.
Not eating it.
OK, Alicia.
This could be like a game show.
Do you have the question ready in your mind?
Do you want to think about it for a moment?
I'm ready.
You got it.
Ready.
All right, keep it to yourself for a second.
This is a book that Zach Butcher gave us.
And it is by the author Dan Simmons.
And it's called The Rise of Endymion,
if I'm saying that correctly.
Sure.
I'm almost certain that Wootch was by one Zach Butcher.
Someone fucking loves Endymion.
I don't know if it was.
I really don't know.
It wasn't.
Was it Zach Butcher or not?
No.
OK.
This book goes all the way to, let's call it, seven 108 pages
and starts around page five.
So between five and seven 108, pick a number.
You got it?
Got it.
And now tell me the number.
We'll go 666.
Oh, dang.
That's funny too.
That's like the 69 of the occult.
Hell yeah.
Accurate, Dan.
That's like if the devil was eating leprechaun's pussy
well, the leprechaun fucking ate his ass.
A goblin.
That's what it means.
It's fun.
And if they did it on 420.
Yep.
The hijink.
So from The Rise of Endymion, am I saying that correctly?
Zach Butcher?
Endymion.
There's got to be at least 30 lines or more.
Pick a line on the page.
27.
Oh.
That's going to take a while to get there.
Everybody says that the Scatman stutters,
but doesn't ever stutter when he sings.
Watch it out.
I'm going to tell you, the stutter and the scat
is the same for you.
I'm the Scatman.
I used to love the Scatman.
OK, so Alicia.
Yes, Jeff.
Is it A-L-I-C-I-A?
E-L-Y-S-I-A.
Like the movie.
Like the Lyceum.
That is correct.
Oh, Lyceum.
Well, from Endymion.
Here we go.
So you have a question in your mind.
Show me that text.
I have my question.
You chose in line 27, page 666 from Dan Simmons,
The Rise of Endymions.
And then it goes like this, Rob.
And then I remembered that the one reason to be free,
the one person who would make such freedom worthwhile,
was gone.
Shit.
Holy shit.
And the question was?
Should we relocate our life from California
to another part of the country?
And you would because it was gone, right?
It was gone to the other side of the country.
It kind of sounds like I'm alone if I do this.
Yeah, right.
That's true.
But the one reason to be free,
the one person who would make such freedom worthwhile.
My husband.
Oh, shit.
Oh, no.
We just killed your husband.
That's the albino, you know.
Is your husband the famous albino?
I guess.
Yeah.
That's not how it works.
But we're not leaving her going home,
empty-handed.
Well, you could interpret it as a.
Alicia.
You get this novel.
Station Plague.
You get Zach Butcher's copy of Dan Simmons, The Rise of Endymions.
Thank you, Zach Butcher.
Along with two ice cubes.
Sorry, Zach.
She's got your fucking book now.
No, they're not.
They're actually quite comfortable.
Thank you, Alicia.
Let's give it up for Alicia.
Thank you so much, madam.
If I was thinking about whether to change locations
with my partner, and then that was the answer,
as cloudy as it is, I would focus on the idea
that what that passage is saying is,
as unsatisfying as the answer might be,
you relocate or don't just stick with this person.
Just make sure it's what you both want to do.
Because as long as you're with him,
you can't pick a wrong place.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Unless it's a very sunny place, because he'll get skin cancer.
Hell, yeah.
More like the walk of fame, you know what I'm saying?
I had a dream the other night where
I kept pulling pine needles and pine branches out of my mouth.
Like, I ate a fucking Christmas tree.
And then last night, I had a dream
where I kept pulling glass shards out of my mouth.
Like, my teeth were punched crystals.
I had a dream last night.
I was going to the bathroom.
I was peeing, standing up.
That was no dream.
And there were like bullet holes in the toilet.
And I was like, where are all these bullet holes doing
in the toilet?
And a guy came in and shot me.
And as I was dying in the dream, I said,
why don't I just jump out the window?
I woke up.
I just remembered a crazy dream
I had on one of the flights, which was, yeah,
it was a fucking insane, like super vivid, weird.
There were these dolls.
I was trying to construct.
And when they were completed, they
had the ability to generate these portals out of their face
that were like these hula hoops in space
that would like come out of their mouths
and then be in space in front of them.
And if you put your head through the hula hoop,
you were like in a different world.
And it was really freaky.
And I started to realize all too late
that the dolls were part of some race of things
that wanted me to finish the dolls
so that they could take over.
And some kind of thing of a gateway to break up
Morty season five.
I just remember running from them with Cody.
And then there was these guys that
were agents of these dolls or something.
That's so fucking cool.
When you dream a lot, is Cody usually there?
Cody's in my dreams a lot.
But I really typically do not.
I mean, when people say you dream for sure every night,
but then there's a question of what you remember.
But let's just say, if remembering your dreams
is what we call dreaming, I really don't have,
I don't really don't dream a lot.
But when I do, I have these super vivid dreams.
I shared on this podcast this crazy dream
I had that was where it was literally dreaming
within dreaming and in the dream waking up.
And I talked about that here.
And it was in a different house.
But it was also a new house that I was sharing with Cody
that was also unfurnished.
And then in the dream, the scary shit happened
as I heard a noise and walked out of there,
some scary shit happened.
And then in the dream, which I did not know was a dream,
I fucking woke up in bed with Cody in a new house.
And just in the movies when they do these mislead dreams,
it was like, Cody was like, are you all right?
And I was like, yeah, I just had this crazy nightmare.
Talked to her about it, started laying back down.
Heard a noise and walked and explored it.
And then I fucking woke up in what I assume is real life.
But now can never really know.
It may as well not be.
Because what are the rules here?
This could be a fucking dream.
Do your dogs ever dream?
Do you ever catch your dogs dreaming?
Oh, yeah.
Nigel is like, Nigel does not sleep without it at some point.
And I go, pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft.
I always like, butoring between.
You look at a dog, they sound distressed when they're
making noises in their sleep.
But then again, you're kind of like,
how would you know if a dog was having the time of their life
in a dream?
Because my instinct is like, let them know it's OK.
Wake them up.
Like, hey, it's all right.
Because you assume that they're running from something
in their dream.
But what if they're chasing something?
Those are the two modes of dog, right?
Yeah.
Like, you don't want to take that away from them
if they're about to catch an ostrich with a fire hydrant
for a head or whatever.
Gary Larson.
Yeah, what do they dream about?
Do they dream about taking a nap?
I mean, what do they do all day?
Remember that Gary Larson cartoon where the dog is dreaming
and the dog is on top of an overturned car?
And he's like howling in victory.
He caught a car.
And in that Gary Larson book, the Farside Natural History
book, he goes into all this detail
about how it's just a whole section about times
his cartoons that caused an uproar.
And that was one of them.
Because the way he drew it, there's
just a certain percentage of people saw that cartoon
and thought the dog was fucking the car.
And he's just like, I mean, there's
a part of the car that, I guess, is
like tangential to the dog's pelvis.
But it's like, why would the car have a vagina?
Why would they think that the dog, that the reason dogs chase
cars?
And why would they think those people woke up in a world
where, lest they're vigilant enough,
the guy who created the Farside might just every once
in a while on Sunday morning treat your family
to an image of a dog fucking a car.
Unless you, Joe Q. Citizen, are on your shit
with your pen ready to go and your stamps ready to lick
to the local paper, that's what.
Do you remember the beef that he got?
Remember cow tools?
There was a cow with like a blacksmith's apron on.
And a cow standing upright on two legs.
And it was standing in front of like a table.
And there was this really weird kind of oblong,
misshapen, like, you don't know what they are.
And it's just like four or three things.
And I said, cow tools.
And people were all fucked off about that.
Because they didn't get it.
They didn't like it.
They were mad about it.
And he had to write it or try it.
He goes, cows don't make good tools.
But they thought, didn't they think like they were like dildos
and stuff or something?
People, it was inflammatory.
It was really good.
It's funny, I said like dumb people.
They live in this world, like this beautiful world,
where like they're the only smart ones.
And they're the only ones that care.
But it's the opposite.
They're the only ones that don't care.
And they don't know anything.
So they really get on the freeway.
They're just like, bleh, bleh.
And everyone's like, bleh, bleh.
And they're like, you idiots.
And then they just see something that offends them
if they don't get the joke.
And they're like, instead of saying, I don't get it,
they're just like, that's a terrible joke.
What do you mean?
You're going to fuck that guy.
I really feel like the hate mail that Gary Larson got
for Couchells was like people thought they took personal
offense to it.
And I don't know what that's based on.
Because it's just a drawing or something
that looks like kind of like a baby's rattle
with a little thing on it.
Yeah.
It just like, it's really.
I just looked at it.
It was really good.
There's like a saw that looks like it's made out of brand
or something.
It's the funniest joke about that.
It's really funny.
I love bad jokes, but there's certain jokes
that you can only tell people that like anti-humor.
And that's a really anti-joke joke.
Like the guy who's half his head's a pumpkin.
That's a joke that people only laugh at if you like comedy.
And also know that the rules can be broken
for the sake of comedy.
Yeah.
I think we talked about that book before on this podcast.
But what are you going to do to cancel me?
There's five episodes left.
But the other section of that book that's great
is the handful of times that for some reason,
whenever there was a mistake, it would
be the Far Side's captions getting
swapped with the family circus.
Yeah.
It's so like Billy's walking up to his mom
and saying what a caveman fortune teller is
supposed to be saying to a caveman, which is Billy looking up
at his mom and saying, I see your skull on a shelf
in an anthropologist's office.
That really happened?
Yeah.
Oh, awesome.
Family circus is a fucking freak out.
When I used to work at Disneyland doing a sketch show,
or I used to play a drag character in Frontierland,
we would take Family Circus every day
and then tear off the caption and then write our own caption.
And it was the funniest thing in the world.
It's always funnier because nothing
happens in Family Circus except just oblique sadness.
That was my first time taking acid
when the acid chip was winding down, which is also
those sometimes when you get really punchy.
Acid could be more like, oh my god, whoa, yeah.
And not totally like giggles and stuff,
but then as the acid tapers off.
As I remember in my youth, I haven't done a ton of acid
except in my youth, but it tapers off
into a kind of almost mushroomy kind of giggly thing.
And I just remember the sun coming through the windows
and listening to music.
And for some reason, I had this giant stack
of Milwaukee journals.
And we were just going through every Family Circus on acid
looking at every single one.
I'd be like, wait, it was insane.
That cartoon is really insane if you're on acid.
What's this dolled line doing, man?
Why do we care where this kid has been?
How many goddamn times are they going to take this big Family
Circus and they show you where the kid was all day?
Oh, man, he went over the fence twice.
The little kid was named Jeffrey.
So people would always send me things saying like,
Jeffrey totaled.
There's one, it's so fucking abstract and like, it's not funny.
I don't know the point of view, like what the fuck is going on.
And mommy, Jeffrey totaled his tricycle.
And it was Jeffrey crying with a tricycle on its side.
Because apparently, like, totaling your car
was a new phrase back in 1978.
So it was kind of like, yeah.
Yeah, and it's like, oh, that's, I don't get it.
But I thought Garfield was good and funny, but guess what?
Nope.
You were wrong.
Yeah, I'm in that boat, yeah.
I mean, I had Garfield notebooks, backpacks.
I was like, Garfield's the best.
And then you look back and you're like, what happened there?
It was like the war on drugs.
We just all bought it.
This cat's so fat.
At the age of seven years old, I never considered
whether or not I would or would not do Mondays.
I guess it was just like we hadn't seen a cat portrayed
as so selfishly like no cats could be so solipsistic.
Go back to the annals of Garfield and watch his feet grow.
Because by the end of the current Garfield,
his feet are like 42 inches long.
And he has parts of a cat that cats don't have.
It's all fucked up.
Parts that a cat doesn't have?
Yeah, but he has like a flimbus.
I don't know, eyebrows?
I don't know.
It's a shitty drawing of a cat.
Snoopy doesn't look much like a dog,
but he's still recognizable as a dog.
Snoopy looks like an abomination.
Charlie Brown doesn't look like a human being.
Charlie Brown looks like a member of Congress.
Like he is a...
God damn it, I bought a spider house.
I suppose we were fucking spiders in my house.
What is going on?
It got away, Cody, send me a picture of this giant spider.
Why are we away?
I hope we dropped the ad in there.
Yeah, we got to put the ad there.
Dettelbell Kitchen.
I said, did you kill it?
She said, it got away.
It ran.
Now it knows.
Now it knows what you look like and your intentions.
It's teaching itself how to learn, Dan.
I smashed it a little so it's possible injured,
but it's gone.
If you can smash a spider and it runs away...
That happened.
I told you about the spider that pulled out of my ear
and I stepped on it as hard as I could.
And the spider went, whew, and ran boned out.
Stepping on spiders is not a good plan.
Like spiders don't give a shit about your foot,
but they don't care about mass and energy.
I tried to smoke it out from under the nightstand
with Palo Santo.
Hell yeah.
They like that.
What a valley girl.
She tried to smoke it out from under the nightstand.
I...
There's all these mosquitoes.
So you know there's this new breed of mosquito in LA
that only needs a teacup of water to have a million babies
and they're smart and they only bite your ankles
because they understand.
These things are all over my house.
You know about these new mosquitoes?
No, what about the new mosquitoes?
You still fucked off when we tried to make you look
at a book or something like that.
But so quiet you've just been fuming over there.
What?
The last thing you said was red.
I think it's just like sitting there like, I'm gonna fucking
kill you and you're asleep.
You know the thing with those new mosquitoes?
I was listening to the Garfield story.
Every time the new mosquitoes come out,
the old ones stop working.
The old ones stop working.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back to Harmontown.
Did they really turn off old phones?
I don't know.
They stopped working.
Obviously, they won't admit it.
But it just seems uncanny when the new phones are coming out.
Doesn't your old shit start getting all glitchy?
They did find some sort of thing.
Like, it's not.
I don't think it was pronounced.
They said they did.
Because every time there's a new iPhone, my speaker,
I can't hear.
Like, it instantly goes out.
That's just age.
I've got more Garfield stories.
That guy used to look different than he does now.
He used to be like a big, fat, weird thing.
When they started leasing phones, I was like, come on, man.
That's my hot take.
The thing I'm going to miss most about Harmontown
is the trenchant commentary on social life like that.
I like the hand gesture that the listeners at home won't see.
So many fucking spiders.
They should have called it spider house.
Because there's one spider house?
Do you have $3 million and no spiders?
Let us solve both of your problems.
Have $0 and 3 million spiders.
Hi, I'm Bob Spider.
Realtor.
Do you want the convenience of living in a spider's nest
without having to be a spider?
Come on down to this fucking hacienda.
How many spiders have you seen?
At least six.
How many rooms do you have?
At least seven.
You know, I've seen a bunch of seven rooms.
I've been cruising around that house since before Furniture One
showed up.
And there's just been, I clocked at least 20, 30 spiders
in the back of those times.
And these are probably new spiders.
This is probably generation six or seven.
And while we're complaining about stuff,
my old house in Los Feliz, I went over there recently.
There's rat turds all over the basement.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Literally.
Because I went over there to throw out my sex doll.
And they were fucking like, that basement
has been a party for so many years.
You still have the real doll from way back.
No, he threw it out.
Not anymore, brother.
But you bought that a long, long time ago.
Yeah.
How did you dispose of that, just in a dumpster or what?
Called Levy.
You want to ask Levy what he did?
Do you want to ask him?
Let's bring out Steve Levy to find out the answer to that
question.
Hello.
Thanks, everybody.
Oh, remember last episode, we were talking about your quote,
unquote, Jewfro.
Yeah, that's a way.
Self-applied.
I wouldn't be so anti-Semitic.
Yeah, no, no, yeah.
I said that a regular fro.
You applied your Jewfro?
I applied for a Jewfro.
Let me know how I go.
Those are on backwards.
You look a little bit like A-Rod now.
Yeah, that's true.
He's roiding, too.
Are you roiding?
I didn't ask for this.
I kind of just go to a guy, and he just goes, you know?
But it's just like, all right.
I'm just like, yeah, just make it shorter.
And then it's like, every time it's
a different work of art for him, he's a hair artist.
I don't know.
That's what he considers himself, right?
Sure.
But I saw Waldron this morning, and he was like,
nice Richard Spencer.
And I was like, fuck, fuck Richard Spencer.
I mean, what does he look like?
He just looks like something like me.
Apparently, he's got a haircut like this.
Well, I mean, you know.
Look.
Anyway, well, all right, so I leave
he's no longer my assistant, he's now an executive, my executive.
Yeah.
But my new assistant, I'm not going to ask her to throw away
a box the size of a child's coffin.
She couldn't lift it.
With Chinese lettering and Dan Harmon written on it
and magic marker.
She wouldn't be able to lift it.
Well, yeah, she'd have to hire some people that I was like,
she'd have to hire Steve.
This is crazy.
Like, how do you get rid of one of these fucking things?
I've never thought.
I called a morgue.
Was this the original doll that you bought a long time ago?
He'll figure it out eventually.
Was this doll number one?
Or did you die from having a metal skeleton inside of her?
It was a second doll.
There was a second doll.
On the grassy knoll.
So I texted Levy.
Well, we made a deal.
Right, because you were like, oh, they
need you to come back for a record
before the screening of this.
And I'm like, I'm over here up to my knees.
For those of you who don't know, we've
been talking a lot about all of our celebrities that
are voicing characters on Rick and Morty.
But really, you're the new Ryan Ridley
in terms of voice.
You're a lot of really funny characters.
You guys will see Dan Harmon, great voice actors.
Some of the funny characters that you'll
be seeing on Rick and Morty, but mostly hearing are.
Have you heard Mr. Egg?
Dan, I heard that you do Captain Yeast.
You do Harvey Fierstein.
They're all student-related.
Can we hear your Harvey Fierstein
that you're doing on season?
Harvey Fierstein theme.
Sorry, sorry.
OK, Captain, yeah, we made this.
We need you to come in to record some of your characters.
Right, so you needed me, and I was
in the middle of moving stuff, and I'm like, all right,
look, I'll make you a deal.
Because I had just finished wrapping this greasy box up
and was like, how am I going to fucking,
what do you do with this thing?
Everyone has one friend with a pickup,
and maybe knows where a dump is.
I've led a privileged life, and I just
have this body in a box.
It really, it's like 200 pounds.
Yeah, because the skeleton is titanium on these things.
They got a recycled machine.
So I just kind of wrapped it up in two layers of plastic bag,
the box, and wrapped duct tape all around it,
and then I texted Livia a photo of it
and stayed on my bedroom floor.
I was like, if you come over here,
and this thing is gone when I get back,
then I'll go to work right now.
And he's like, deal, I'm on my way.
And I was like, it's like an old political thriller.
You literally know where the bodies are buried.
It was quid pro quo.
Yeah.
Where did you take it, Livia?
So I.
And who'd you call?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we'll get there.
Yay.
So I went up to Dan's bedroom, assessed this giant box.
I brought tape and a Sharpie of my own, just in case you didn't.
You weren't able to cover up.
Cross out the name Dan Harmon.
Yeah, yeah, box.
I don't know what you have at your house or whatever.
So it is a really heavy box.
I know it.
It was probably telling me.
It was probably between 80 and 115 pounds.
No, it's over 100.
It's got to be.
Well, I lifted the whole thing.
It really glimpsed into the life of a serial killer,
because we've joked about it in my youth with my fetishes
and things and me getting mannequin legs and things
like that.
But these are just hollow plastic things.
But this body, and the idea of getting rid of it,
and the whole thing being this needs to go away,
as opposed to this thing is a thing
that you can have and just store it somewhere.
But it's the idea of this needs to go away,
and no one needs to ever find it.
It was this introduction in my head.
I was sort of like, God, can you imagine
if it was also rotting and was an actual crime instead
of just a thing that could ruin your life
and make everyone laugh at you?
But it was sort of like minus the fact
that it's actually heavier than an equal-sized body would be.
It was just such a weird glimpse into that world.
Isn't there like a real doll website, like an FAQ portion?
Or was like, how do I dispose of this when I'm through?
I don't think they want to shine a light on the fact
that these things are actually, you know,
that they must eventually go away.
I think pet stores are the same way.
Did you have any, like?
They don't say, hey, look at this.
Maltese ticket is to a fucking heartbreaking tragedy
seven years from now.
Seven?
Did you have any, like, on average?
I'm guessing the answer is no.
Did you have any, like, how much time
did you spend with this doll?
And did you feel kind of any weird attachment to it?
Like, not like in a human way, but like, like.
No.
Bye, Laura.
Bye.
She wanted you to say yes.
Steve.
Yeah.
Did you look inside?
No.
God, no.
That's not part of the job.
Steve, did you fuck it?
I was curious, like, what the head looked like.
Oh, I'm not.
I'm not, like, just like, I don't know what these things
actually look like.
I've never looked at a picture, but.
They're online.
You could see that online.
Yeah, I know.
I guess I could have.
But whatever.
You showed up.
I thought that maybe there was some, like, sentimental value
because a dummy, because, you know,
it's like it inspired a show.
Well, yeah, I sent a photo of the box all taped up to Cody,
who I don't think ever saw it.
She was always asking me, can I please see it?
I'm like, no, because I'm ashamed of it.
You know, like, I don't, it's like,
one thing to be honest about having it,
it's another thing.
I don't want you looking at it.
Like, it's like, me sitting up here saying,
like, I have a small dick, and I was like,
I don't know, like, show you it.
Like, because.
Cody's never seen your dick.
Of course not.
Levy had to put it in a box and dispose of it.
I will say one thing that, like, for people,
I don't know, just like, because these graphic details.
Now that I imagine I am a previous sex doll owner
that will never probably own another one,
the one weird detail about it is.
Probably.
The arm, the shoulder joints,
like, you imagine like, you're dealing with this thing
that has like this skeleton, and it's like,
it has ball and socket joints where the shoulders are.
It has, I think, ball and socket joints
where the hips are.
Because you want to be able to GI Joe the thighs,
wherever you want, but then the knees and the elbows
are simple 90 degree, like, whatever you call it.
Like, they rotate on one axis, not 360.
But the shoulders and the hips are ball and socket.
So, while for the legs, that's not really a problem
because you're not gonna like, move the legs in a way
that you're gonna then forget.
Like, it's like, the legs are just a bigger deal.
The arms, however, should you be deciding to,
I don't know, put a special outfit on this thing.
A cute top you picked out.
Like, you're gonna be like,
you're gonna be moving the arms, like, up.
And then, you might move the arms down,
and then you might move the arms this way,
and then in the, there's like, what we would call
in the 3D animation business, kind of like a gimbal lock,
kind of an effect that could happen
where the root rotation is kind of lost,
and you can notice over time,
like, this thing was in the box,
and the biceps had just become, like, twizzlers.
Like, they were just twisted
because the arms at some point had been rotated 360 degrees.
But Dan, some people find that pretty sexy.
Yeah.
Well, also the fact that the silicone skin,
which, you know, health experts will tell you
it's constantly off-gassing.
Like, so it's probably like, what the fuck is that?
It's a spider.
Long web.
Man, if they ever make flying spiders,
I'm gonna kill myself.
Well, they say spiders actually do fly.
Yeah.
Because of the,
Didn't you see,
That's how they were able to spin their web so large.
Five from home.
What, they said, what?
Okay, so Dan, listen up.
You just, like, no one can look this up.
Like, spiders, spiders shoot out a silk
that goes in the air,
and then it catches, like, electron particles,
or something in the air,
and then it magnetically propels them,
like, they're surfing or flying a kite.
All right, well, then I'm already dead.
Oh, yeah.
So is Jeff.
So is the audience.
Yeah, I think that thing's like a bat.
All right, so,
Sex doll.
Wait, what was the, oh, there's one other thing.
I was holding this.
So, there's one other thing for,
You're fucking a twizzler.
And you mean fucking it.
For future sex doll owners,
I do wanna tell you one more thing.
Like, watch those fingers,
because the fingers are wires.
They're just, like, gumby.
Like, so, if you care, I mean, I didn't.
I'm, like, I'm not, like, a finger guy.
So, but, like,
I'm a big finger guy.
They're just gonna eventually just always be,
like, in this permanent state of, like,
a witch about to cast a spell.
Schrab's doing a funny.
Let's Steve take a picture.
That's a pretty good,
Uh,
Hubba, hubba.
And then,
And don't lay it down on anything with ink in it.
Like, if you were to lay,
Because, because the silicone is, like,
It's sort of like,
Like, silicone putty.
So, it's like,
The silicone is sort of like a,
You know, it's like,
They can't, like, store old Star Trek, like, prosthetics,
Because that silicone is, like, constantly enough.
It's, like, it's, like,
It's, like, slowly turning to goo.
Just very slowly.
Which is what you want.
And in the short term, though,
You could, if you were, like,
To take a silicone, like,
Like, form and, like, lay it on something
That had, like, a cardboard box
That had, like, writing on it,
Then that writing could be on its tattoo,
On its arm forever.
So.
What was on hers?
This side up.
Yeah, well.
Well, what does it say?
What did it say, Pettix?
Well.
It was, I mean, I wanted to be something fun,
But it was just, no, it was just green.
It was just fucking, whatever it was laid on,
Wasn't a speck or anything.
It was just, like,
So I looked down at this thing as a,
Before I saw it for the last time,
It was just, like, these, like, twisted arms
That were all, like, they really did look,
As I imagine, almost, like, decomposing,
Like, like, discolored, like, greenish, bluish.
Horrifying.
Like, like, like, the sister in pet cemetery.
Yeah.
Did you say the face is all fucked up?
Like, the neck is, like, open?
Yeah, the neck, the neck,
The neck got, like, a tear in it at some point.
And unless you're gonna, like, super glue it.
Dan, what was your first interaction with the web?
When you got your first,
Because I remember that we,
You got your first,
Hello.
You got your,
You got your first real doll.
What do we have here?
Oh.
We didn't see you for a while.
You said, you said quite candidly
That you're gonna go away for a while.
My name's Daniel.
But when you first got out of the box.
No, don't, you don't have to talk.
What?
Let me just,
Let me just look at you for a second.
Oh.
Oh, that's very interesting.
You say your shoulders are sore.
I'm like trying moves on.
I wait, I spent six months like.
Yeah, we could watch a movie if you'd like.
Oh, I am tired too.
A bed?
Yes, I have one.
Why do you ask?
I mean, we're talking about two rooms.
I could drag you to the other room.
Don't touch my fingers.
Throw your octopus hands in the bed and.
Did you ever take a nap?
Like you were like cuddle?
Like was there like any post-coital stuff?
No.
You ever warm it up?
Water it up.
Warm it up.
Throw it in the microwave.
Warm it up like an electric blanket.
So it's got some body temperature.
No, I put pantyhose on it, rubbed the toes on my nipples,
jerked off, fell asleep.
I'll warm you right up.
I honestly wouldn't if I were, if I, if, if, if, if guys,
like I'm going to be with Cody, Cody is like Cody,
Cody eliminates the need for any extracurricular,
just I'm not, let's maintain our privacy, but she's like,
I don't need products anymore.
But if I, if, if, if in an alternate universe,
knowing what I now know as a consumer, just to,
to shed light on my experience with these products,
I would, I would just get on Amazon.
Now you can just get, there's like, you can pick the,
you can get just a foot.
You can get just a calf and a foot.
You can get just a calf foot and thigh.
You can get a foot with a pussy in it.
Yes, you can, which is really weird
because the pussy is in the ankle.
The vagina ankle.
So for guys that are like,
I just want to look at the foot, but upside down,
God, I always just wished there was a pussy there.
And it's shaped like a pussy, which is weird.
Cause it's like, wait, how could you have ever wanted that
as a primate?
Like that doesn't exist in nature even.
I want just a calf, just a calf.
Yeah, but you can, you get, I think, I think, you know,
it's like, you can also just get just the ass and two legs,
which I think maybe from, based on everything I've learned
and know that's probably the kind of guy I am.
As far as the use I'm going to get out of an artificial
female body, I, I'm pretty much good to go.
Like, like with a pair of fake legs and things, you know,
like I wouldn't, I just, I just find the, it was like,
I, I'm not a good caretaker.
I, I, I, and, and, you know, never been a boob man.
And didn't, you know, this is like, I, I, I would be,
I was excited at the prospect cause I love, well, who,
you know, like, oh, you could get it wigs and you can,
but the thing you find out really quickly is, hey,
you know, uh, human women, like they, uh, they really take
really good care of their hair. Uh, it's, it's really a
constant battle against tangling.
And you can't just not care about something and like,
have it also be this thing that you find really, uh,
way to go human women.
Okay. We got like seven.
What did you do with the, what did you do with you?
What did you do with the, the crate and be vague because we
don't want somebody digging it up somewhere and go,
hey, I got it.
I, um, well, we're going to announce a strange kind of
contest now.
The prize is $200,000 in the form of a scholarship.
And of course, your own half rotted sex doll with green
twisted arms.
I, I, I lifted up this enormous box and I carried it down
the stairs and all the way down to my car and then I loaded
it into my back seat because it was, it was the only space I
could have fitted in.
It was a weird long box body and then I got in my car.
Yeah.
And, uh, I was like, uh, I don't, well, the first thing I
thought was I passed a dumpster on the way here, but I feel
like that's not safe enough.
Just in case some random person was digging through and saw
this taped up box.
I was like, it still had Dan's name on it somewhere underneath
all that rapping.
I was like, yeah, it's not, it's not a good idea.
So I called Spencer and I was like, and you know what I,
how I felt when I took field of this call?
Why did he not call me?
Why did, why did Dan not ask me to take care of this?
This is classic Spencer job, but I was hurt.
You've been free a long time.
I know, but it would have been an insult to call.
I would have, I was hurt.
I was like, man, I really thought we had some.
You're, you're the Harvey Kytel to his.
I'm the wolf.
That's what that guy was called, right?
You know, pulp fiction.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, Spencer, Spencer gave me a lot of great options.
His, his were really buttoned up.
Like I, we would have gotten away with it for sure.
We did it.
Yeah, it was a lot more work though.
I called our PA up on who now writer's assistant on Rick and
Morty.
Oh, good.
And I see this what I mean.
No, no, no.
I just said, hey, where's the, where's the, where's the best
dumpster you know, not too far from the office and he suggested
a really great one and that's where shouldn't be too hard to
figure out.
So if you could triangulate the location, well, it's not still
there.
The dumps.
There's a lot of garbage today.
No, it wasn't today.
It wasn't with you all day today.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
You know that the dumpsters are like like a waste management
services are straight up hooked up with TMZ and they're going
to fucking find out about this and they're going to say that
Dan Harmon threw.
Well, I think I've been pretty much, I don't think there's
anything left to do except I like, I think you just look at
the thing.
It's embarrassing, but I think I've been pretty forthcoming
with the fucking details.
I hope we live in a society where fucking honesty buys you
something, but I know we don't.
So we're ending the podcast and in the meantime, I'm not going
to go out lying.
I'm going to go out and throw out my fucking sex doll.
Here's what it looked like.
Like, like, all right, go find it, but it's greasy and gross.
It's covered in cigarettes.
This was weeks ago.
This thing is long gone.
Do you think there's like, like waste management people that
find a used real doll and go like, did we, aren't we send
all that stuff to China?
We don't anymore.
We used to send all their garbage to China.
Yeah, they buy it up.
Yeah, they stopped.
They stopped like recently.
They're like, we're done.
We've got all the garbage we need.
Thank you.
I never knew we were like, well, what are we going to do with
all the garbage now?
Keep it.
That's what we did.
Jesus.
That is what they did.
Yeah, we don't want it anymore.
Yeah, they could have got a whole skeleton of titanium.
That's valuable.
Wait, so we were like always kind of like lambasting China for
falling behind in the terms of like the global like pollution
standards and stuff.
And we were just giving a march.
America is like, we have less other.
We're like shoveling shit over them.
They used to be like, you're throwing on all this stuff.
This is a good TV.
What are you doing?
China was just like that.
The character in the scavenger zone of every cyberpunk movie is
pushing the recycler.
Poop van.
All right.
Well, that's it.
What do we got to plug Spencer?
Don't you have a harm request still exists?
It's all out.
So you can watch it on a free trial now if you want.
Email them and tell them to put it out of the America if you
want to see it out of the America and tell them to give us
another season.
I also did YouTube commentaries of this season.
So you can you can see like a goblin and be like, you know,
the thing about that goblin is he used to be red or whatever
the fuck.
So that's fun.
And then I don't know.
Are we going to get another season?
Do we know about that yet?
I don't know about that.
I and we won't know for probably too long like an embarrassing
amount of time.
So that's why you got to tell them be all like, oh man, I meant
to give you guys money.
But next time I will if you do another season or something,
you know, cliffhanger.
I get the plug.
Thank you all for coming.
Oh shit.
And we're trying to clear our stock of 2019.
Let's give it up for Steve Levy, everybody.
Let's give it up for Laura Austin as the inflatable crazy
arm for us.
Also Zach up there, church, Brendan, Nolan, everybody here
at the Dynasty typewriter.
Rob Schrab, Spencer Crittenden, I'm Jeff Davis, Dan Harmon
as your mayor.
Thank you for coming.
Drive fast and take chances.
Thank you all.